I'm Hannah :
I'm a photographer I'm an artist I'm a
writer and trust
I do a lot the title of the video
installation is you have taken away my
heart with one look you have taken it
from Solomon the song of songs it's
about the faces it's about the eyes you
know when the newborn baby is there when
he opened her eyes it's a first contact
with the world and so the idea was that
I take a lot of example to get in
contact with the world
and the other one our our mouth our lips
so I choose the both of our most
important parts in our face the eyes and
the mouth and all the models the people
are telling the word odom the path we
say our prayers our first posture starts
the world we are get alive and that's
also in my video installation all the
eyes are looking at you not somewhere
else they look at you and you can feel
the eyes you can feel the energy in
their eyes just film the iris to that
and put it together that it's almost an
abstract painting abstract photograph in
a way and I play with the iris I play
with the eyes I play with a smile I
plays with the word I play light in my
video like we can play with our eyes
like we can play with words so
everything it's concentrated in it and
when you close the eyes
at night we should have a good feeling
and we close the eyes in the end of our
life we should have a good feeling of
our love that it was a good life
you